# Daiymo
capital = 1667
primary_culture = japanese
religion = shinto
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_might
literacy = 0.40
civilized = yes

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = party_appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties
citizens_rights = primary_culture_only
penal_system = capital_punishment
conscription = two_year_draft
centralization = unitary
debt_law = debtors_prisons
colonial_policy = no_colonies
child_labor = child_labor_legal
border_policy = closed_borders
school_reforms = no_schools

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
# New Reforms
recruitment_reform = peasant_levys
police_reform = no_police

ruling_party = JAP_reactionary_1
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 20
	reactionary = 70
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
	market_liberal = 0
	social_liberal = 0
}

# Technologies 
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
military_staff_system = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
basic_chemistry = 1

# Inventions

govt_flag = {
	government = presidential_dictatorship
	flag = theocracy
}

schools = japanese_tech_school
set_country_flag = army_reform_banned

#oob = "JAP_oob.txt"